Add Bottle Technology Pvt. Ltd (#7)
developers-nepal/tech-companies-in-nepal: README.md

- [Bidhee Pvt. Ltd.](http://www.bidhee.com/) | New Baneshwor, Kathmandu | A company solely established for development and deployment of products with Specialization in development of Mobile/Web applications and Custom Software
- [big B soft](http://bigbsoft.com/) | Nayabazar, Kathmandu | Native - iOS app development agency
- [Bits Innovation](http://bitsinnovation.com/) | New Baneshwor, Kathmandu | Provides services like Website Design & Development, Search Engine Optimization, Mobile Apps Development and Web Hosting

> - [Bottle Technology](https://bottle.com.np/) | Jamshikhel, Lalitpur | Bottle is a fintech company mostly specializing in the space of Artificial Intelligence, Behavioral Economics and Internet of Things to create products in the domain of personal and financial behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Bottle Technology](https://bottle.com.np/) | Jhamshikhel, Lalitpur | A fintech company mostly specializing in the space of Artificial Intelligence, Behavioral Economics and Internet of Things.
```
I would make it more concise also, is it Jhamsikhel or Jamshikhel?
